Finalize Integrations (#152)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-ssot: docs/admin/upgrade.md

## Upgrade Guide

When a new release comes out it may be necessary to run a migration of the database to account for any changes in the data models used by this Nautobot app. Execute the command `nautobot-server post-upgrade` within the runtime environment of your Nautobot installation after updating the `nautobot-ssot` package via `pip`.

### Potential Apps Conflicts

!!! warning

>     If upgrading from `1.x` version to `2.x` version of `nautobot-ssot` app, note that it now incorporates features previously provided by individual apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If upgrading from versions prior to 1.4 of the `nautobot-ssot` app, note that it now incorporates features previously provided by individual apps.
```

Reviewer: We're going to make 1.4.0 the version for all integrations and 2.x is going to be Nautobot 2.0 compatibility.

Author: Fixed

## Upgrade Guide

When a new release comes out it may be necessary to run a migration of the database to account for any changes in the data models used by this plugin. Execute the command `nautobot-server post-upgrade` within the runtime environment of your Nautobot installation after updating the `nautobot-ssot` package via `pip`.

### Potential Apps Conflicts

!!! warning
    If upgrading from `1.x` version to `2.x` version of `nautobot-ssot` App, note that it now incorporates features previously provided by individual apps.

Conflicting Apps list:

- `nautobot_plugin_ssot_aci`
- `nautobot_plugin_ssot_arista_cloudvision`
- `nautobot_plugin_ssot_infoblox`
- `nautobot_plugin_ssot_ipfabric`
- `nautobot_plugin_ssot_servicenow`

To prevent conflicts during `nautobot-ssot` upgrade:

- Remove conflicting applications from the `PLUGINS` section in your Nautobot configuration before enabling the latest `nautobot-ssot` version.

> - Transfer the configuration for conflicting apps to the `PLUGIN_CONFIG["nautobot_ssot"]` section of your Nautobot configuration. See `development/nautobot_config.py` for an example. Each [integration set up guide](#integrations-configuration) contains a chapter with upgrade instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Transfer the configuration for conflicting apps to the `PLUGIN_CONFIG["nautobot_ssot"]` section of your Nautobot configuration. See `development/nautobot_config.py` for an example. Each [integration set up guide](../integrations/) contains a chapter with upgrade instructions.
```
